The Lord God s patience is limited.
You called me here just to see you on your knees.
Lord, can you only force me to die so that you can have fun?
Lord, you have a good family and married a good husband.
And I have nothing.
I just want to live.
Am I wrong?
My dad just wants to live.
Is he wrong?
When my house is not in trouble
I'm also a pastime.
I know that Pho Hoai An likes me.
But how could he be a poor student worthy of me?
Until the Zhou family had an accident.
He came to help me.
Seriously, I ve seen him defend me in front of you over and over again.
I'm happy.
You guys are really in the clock.
Neither of those is a good thing.
I thought...
He still can't let go.
I seduced him.
But he said
Think of me as a sister.
Say we're poor orphans and widows.
Say he only likes you
So you hate me
Hate my child.
The day of the accident.
The army saw the blood on the An An, right?
No.
The army didn't say.
I thought it wouldn't be that bad.
I I just
I just want to check if he still has me.
You shameless whore.
For your own desire
You killed our lady.
Kill you!
Lord, what can you do?
Wasn t it still my turn to protect me?
Now you hit me.
Just push him for me.
Phu Hoa An
I don't want to.
It has been sent to you, Deputy Hoai An.
Let's go.
Want to hear when?
Please.
Sorry the most sorry friend
Right.
Spring, let's go.
Yes...
Listen to me explain.
Ah.
Yes...
I'm sorry.
It's all my fault.
But miss
This has nothing to do with their parents.
He was a well-dressed lady.
Become like this.
It's been hard.
So you hate me
And hate my child.
The day of the accident.
The army saw the blood on the An An, right?
Yes.
Qin Quan did not say.
I thought it wouldn't be that bad.
I I just
I just want to check if he still has me.
Phuc Hoai An
What are you waiting for?
Sunny's right.
You're just a piece of trash who can't bring anything in.